led by Captain America Chris Evans the
America's
family in their opponents led by Iron
Man himself Robert are ready ready ready
let's play the feud pinky have the top
four answers on the board we asked 100
people name something you do in a movie
theater besides watching a movie yes
let's see Robert you buzz in four
fridges use your mobile device use your
mobile device and survey says you have a
chance to steal Chris oh we got this
Chris eat popcorn eat popcorn
[Applause]
disable that are we have an abbreviated
version of this game each team will only
get two strikes instead of three also
typically tequila doesn't play as much
of a role in the game as it will tonight
two wrong answers the other team gets to
steal mark you get the question first
name something you do in a movie theater
besides watching the movie the clip
sleep sleep a do we see sleep do that
name something you're doing the movie
theater besides watching the movie go to
the bathroom
go to the bathroom is it on the board of
course it's not on the board
all right now imagine you can confer all
you need is one correct answer Mike yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
mark come up to the board
[Applause]
alright the next question is beside
superhero name a profession that
requires you to wear tights but trapeze
artists trapeze art
[Laughter]
[Applause]
balle passion that requires you to wear
uh did you say ballet today look at the
board survey says
[Music]
[Applause]
scarlet it is now your turn
besides superhero no no you can stay the
name of profession that requires you to
wear tights okay - what a yoga
instructor in case they do wear ties oh
I'm bauxite bobsled team show us
individually these are not team
questions we go to you Robert besides
super your name a profession that
requires tights we do yoga yoga
instructor yoga instructor yoga
instructor you to wear tights well I
gave my answers to them already give one
to me America's now get a chance to
steal you can confer amongst yourselves
a profession that requires you to wear
is height they're not gymnasts gymnast
do we have gymnasts
then what happens nobody gets any points
we're gonna take a break right now we're
trying to figure out how the hell this
game works we'll be right back all right
it seems like the name Cavs have been
absconded you have a Kris over each
breast
Scarlett Roberts and Monsieur nobody now
it's unbelievable where did that happen
I don't know we are going to continue to
play and let's bring Scarlett up here
and let's bring Jeremy up here
all right name the worst place to turn
into the Hulk porta potti port about it
[Applause]
[Music]
Jeremy worst place to turn into the Hulk
I think that would be the church would
be terrible Church do the survey say
Church all right
here we go all right next up I don't
know what the orders anymore but we are
gonna go through Chris Evans Chris name
the worst place to turn into the whole
snow cheating with the Hulk himself
worst the worst place to turn into the
Hulk oh that's nothing come on you know
converse how much time do we have none
all right all right the worst place you
turned into the Hulk library but I don't
like it the library but he doesn't like
it does America America wow it would be
embarrassing if you were to fill in this
question of all people what is the worst
place to turn into the Incredible Hulk
that would be a telephone booth a
telephone booth do they even still exist
[Laughter]
the man do you have a chance to steal
and potentially with this
the worst place to turn into the
Incredible Hulk the bedroom
[Applause]
[Music]
unfortunately you do not get away to me
you guys won and the worst game show
host ever congratulate your going home
for the valuable prize bring it in
[Applause]
you guys are not going home empty-handed
you each get a 15 dollar gift card to
Applebee's Wow
[Applause]
Topher's name first thank you guys we'll
be right back with the war on got the
best you could do
a task